I am working with Norm, and he is going to teach me the basics of stage fighting.
What are you going to teach me, Norm?
We start with suffocation, or actually strangle
We are in an alley near a pub. So this is a place where many strangles occur (!)
That's for sure.
So we start with you who strangle me.
All right.
Right, so the best way to do 'scenic wurges'
is that you do not do anything.
Okay, I like this.
So put your hand on my breastbone, chest -
Do you want to get closer so that I can see where I put my hand?
- Do nothing. -- All right.
Let me do all the work.
I grab your hand and do--
Which is good!
The most important thing is that I have the control so that I can pull your hand as tight as I find comfortable,
so for people who are very unhappy with the idea of ​​being strangled.
Yes. I do not like it when someone comes here.
- So I will try it on you? - Yes, okay.
- So you just put your hand down here? - Yes, I would put him there.
And now you have control and I literally do nothing.
Wow!
There you go!
Here we go! Thank you Norm! That's how you 'stagger' someone
and that is something you may not have known!
[Translation: Niels de Groot]